this is the courtroom of Judge topham
when you have a thief or a problem don't
take the law into your own hands or an
engines buffers take it to judge topham
please call the court's order Thomas the
Tank Engine versus Gordon the big engine
well your honor Gordon here pushed me
into the daycare swimming pool hey hey
hey judge Topham these engines from
throwing garbage at me
whoa Thomas snuck up behind me and then
he coupled through cars to my express
train while I wasn't looking I left with
them everyone was laughing at me it's
truly undignified yeah you sir gave me
the day off and I was bored
so I decided to be a helpful engine
today I thought it would be a genius
idea for Gordon to do both his jobs at
the same time but instead you Gordon you
buffered up behind me you took me to the
day care center and push me into their
swimming pool now my wheels are all
rusty and squeaky rubbish little Thomas
the only help I need is a back engine
and you're not a back engine look I
suggest you shut your Yap I think now
he's not supposed to do anything to more
Express train he was a really helpful
engine object it was a brand-new pool by
the water so 31 so was his Joe no
kidding
some of my coal fell out of my bunker
and into the water after all that time I
was trying to be a good friend for that
galloping sausage
there's nothing reasonable about an
engine like me who just did something
he's not supposed to do look you can
complain about all day but still you
lose anyway I find the problem of
troublesome sight engine but the amounts
of 85 million dollars what 80 foot I
don't have 85 million dollars and
besides engines can't even pay anyone
that's it Gordon
if you're gonna pay me or Thomas
anything I hereby sentence you to be
painted purple and green just like
Barney the Dinosaur
what me but you must be joking I do not
want to look like Barney the Dinosaur
can I teach new song I was hoping we get
to sing songs to each other because I
love you when you love me
in dignity this is the worst thing
that's ever happened to me
goes dismissed on our site